Updated CircleCI Docker Images link (#4082)
circleci/circleci-docs: jekyll/_cci2/language-ruby.md

The application uses the latest stable Rails version 5.1, `rspec-rails`, and [RspecJunitFormatter][rspec-junit-formatter] with PostgreSQL as the database.

> This application build also uses one of the pre-built [CircleCI Docker Images](https://circleci.com/docs/2.0/circleci-images/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This application build also uses one of the pre-built [CircleCI Docker Images]({{site.baseurl}}/2.0/circleci-images/).
```

See https://github.com/circleci/circleci-docs/pull/4081
